feat(mcp): detect cursor plugins and extensions (#1229)
GitGuardian/ggshield: changelog.d/20260430_074704_paul.petit.ext_HEAD.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
For top level release notes, leave all the headers commented out.
-->

<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category.

-->

### Added

> - detection of MCP servers installed with Cursor plugins or Cursor extensions

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Detect MCP servers installed with Cursor plugins or Cursor extensions.
```
